Slightly rephrase the security considerations (#24)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-eat-measured-component: draft-ietf-rats-eat-measured-component.md

# Security and Privacy Considerations {#seccons}

The Name and Version of a component can give an attacker detailed information about the software running on a device and its configuration settings.

> This information may also reveal private details about the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information may also disclose details for tracking the device or provide an attacker with additional insights.
```
